(Episode 14)
Hae Ra, are you home?
Hae Ra.
Your call cannot be connected.
Please leave your message after the tone.
She won't pick up?
Yes, she's not picking up.
She did say that we should start...
looking for a place to move out.
Any reasons?
I'm not sure.
Maybe it's because she likes you,
but feels sorry for you at the same time.
I'm not so sure either.
I'm going over to her office.
Okay.
(General Business Department, Jung Hae Ra)
Your call cannot be connected.
Please leave your message after the tone.
Excuse me.
How much is it for a bag of roasted chestnuts?
Five dollars for a bag.
Then I'll take a bag.
Okay, one second.
When did she leave?
I didn't see her...
because she went to work early today.
I think she took her stuff at that time.
I got that ring that she was so angry over.
Did she leave because...
she got upset over that ring?
I doubt that.
I'm sure there is another reason.
Did you make perfume without telling me?
This oil is the secret to my youthful skin.
It's a little too early,
but let's grab some champagne.
What's the occasion this late at night?
She left Soo Ho.
What?
She packed up and left.
Why?
She probably figured he wasn't hers.
Nonsense.
My 200-year-old frustration is...
finally starting to get relieved.
I guess everything is returning to its place.
(To Jung Hae Ra, General Business)
(From Park)
(Dear Ms. Lee Mi Soon)
It's a letter your dad wrote...
to the social worker.
I sent one to Soo Ho as well.
(Dear Ms. Lee Mi Soon)
This was a very difficult decision.
It was very painful...
to give up my friend's son...
after deciding to adopt him,
but I cannot help this.
He went into my daughter's room...
and frightened her by turning off the lights,
and he said many things to delude her as well.
He always has a knife in his drawer.
He also has much knowledge about dangerous chemicals.
Remember that there is a social worker...
who remembers you almost like a delinquent, Soo Ho.
It was the desperate heart of the two...
that brought luck to Soo Ho.
If even one decides to close her heart,
everything will be over.
That will not happen.
Miss!
Miss, let's grab a drink. Open the door.
I saw you walking into this room.
Open the door!
Why did a woman like you come here alone?
Come on. Open the door.
I'm worried about you, that's all.
Come on, open the door.
Hey, Gon.
I just saw your missed call.
Miss, come on, let's grab a drink.
Where are you?
- Well... - It's on me!
(Motel Tree)
I'm fine.
I'm not scared of men like that.
Did you move out of his house?
It's none of your business.
Why did you call me then?
Because I couldn't get a hold of your dad.
Why is your dad so nasty?
Never mind him. Just ignore him.
You know what he's like.
Hey, give me my suitcase.
Just get in.
I'll take you to another place to stay.
It's my close friend's place.
Make yourself at home.
(Missed calls)
(Black Knight)
I made you coffee.
Thank you.
I got the ring.
That precious silver ring.
Tell Hae Ra to come home.
I'm the one being kicked out.
Why did she leave?
Mr. Moon.
Mr. Moon. Did you leave for work already?
No, I'm here.
Hae Ra texted me late last night.
She's staying at her colleague's place.
She said not to worry.
Why did she leave the house?
She didn't say.
If she doesn't answer your calls,
try texting her.
She'll call me when she's ready.
Sometimes you want to be left alone.
I'll get to work now.
All right.
Hae Ra, you're here early.
Good morning.
Ma'am, would you like some coffee?
There you go.
Thank you.
Why don't you go to Mr. Moon's office today?
I have to go to the gallery...
to meet with the exhibition curator.
That's right. I forgot.
I'll send Ju Hee then.
Okay.
It's obvious.
What is?
That Mr. Moon likes you.
He tries not to show it, but I can tell.
I think that's cute.
I gave the name tag to the police,
but that's not enough to provide a lead.
I believe it's a name tag from my uniform.
It's the same color as my old school's name tag.
Why was it there?
I don't know.
Do you have any idea?
Wait a minute.
This was taken less than a year after I left.
Name tags were sewn on.
Maybe it was someone else's...
or someone tore it off and put it there.
Why?
It's nothing. I went too far.
They cremated him and...
scattered the ashes at a grave site.
Who did?
Gon's dad and people from the company.
Aunt Sook Hee, it's me.
Hello.
I'm here to see Mr. Moon.
He's in his office.
Why did you ask me to bring this?
You're making me nervous.
I have to look into something.
Sure. I trust you.
Let me know if Hae Ra calls.
Of course.
I'll get going now.
Okay.
- Take care. - Bye.
- Goodbye. - Bye.
Give this to the police.
Okay. We'll have the result right away.
(Archaeology Art History Exhibition)
Hey!
I'm sorry. I thought you were my friend.
She has a bob haircut too.
- Are you the curator? - Yes.
I'm from the travel agency.
I'm Jung Hae Ra.
I was waiting for you.
I'm Koo Jang Bin.
- Nice to meet you. - You too.
It's a great exhibition.
Thanks. I had a lot of help.
The exhibition we'll hold at a barber shop...
"100-year History of Neighbors".
What do you think?
We'll use pictures of current residents...
and use some from here too.
That sounds great.
I especially...
like this picture.
This belongs to my grandpa.
It looks really old.
My grandfather's grandfather's father...
painted it.
My family kept it at home like a treasure.
Who did he paint?
Your grandparents?
I don't think there was anyone...
that handsome in my family.
He probably painted him much more handsome.
Much more handsome?
That much?
I'm glad you're here.
Tell your dad it was very touching.
(It's a letter your dad wrote...)
(to the social worker.)
Just ignore it.
Getting upset over this will make you an amateur.
I'm here because I thought you might be worried.
Hae Ra is fine.
I got her a studio apartment...
near her work.
She contacted you?
Yes, last night.
I guess she moved out of your house.
You don't need to worry about her.
Hae Ra. Let's bring some coffee.
Did you hear the announcement?
What announcement?
Geumseong-dong?
It was selected for the revival project.
That's great news.
That's why we're having a meeting now.
Coffee. We need coffee.
The laundromat and supermarket...
must not disappear.
If the neighborhood fails to be a living space,
then it'll feel desolate.
The residents of the mural village's...
privacy is being invaded...
because of tourists taking pictures.
Mr. Moon.
So what's your conclusion?
I'm sorry.
A neighborhood that exists solely as...
a tourist town has no vitality.
The residents have to come first.
We need to make sure...
it doesn't become a speculation-ridden area.
It's too broad...
if you say a trip to the US in March.
Please tell me a specific city like New York...
or San Francisco for example,
so that I can search available tickets for you.
I should've bought some land on that area too.
Goodness, Chief Director Lee.
- I was joking. - I'll go then.
- Thank you for today. - Thank you.
- Goodbye. - Goodbye.
I'll search for available tickets to Chicago then.
You've gone through so much until now.
I'm glad your hard work paid off.
It's all thanks to you.
Well begun is half done.
We're halfway through.
Are you here to see me?
Say if you have something to say.
Congratulations.
I heard you're staying at a studio near the office.
Did Gon tell you that?
You moved out because you became concerned...
after receiving Chairman Park's letter.
And...
you called his son?
That's not it.
Never mind. Think as you please.
You disappeared without saying anything.
And I don't like that.
Right.
Your father was cruel to me.
It's true that I suffered for a while...
because I was reminded of how he hurt me.
I'm sorry.
But I still love you.
Who told me not to break up?
You did.
I had no idea...
that Gon's father had the letter.
Whether he had the letter or not,
it was up to him.
Why did you get swayed?
I feel too sorry to see you.
Then love me more.
I understand that you want to be alone.
I won't take you with me.
But come back home within a week.
You can't stay outside longer than that.
I'll miss you too much.
Answer me or I'll do the cream bread here.
I'm going to work then.
Honey.
I'm in this room.
I'm home.
You're home.
I'm happy now.
You were my husband from the start.
I'm sorry if I startled you.
It's my work habit.
I wanted to organize your clothes.
You don't need to do such a thing.
Why are you home at this hour?
I have a funeral to attend to at night.
I'm picking up my suit.
Shouldn't you iron your suit?
It's okay.
Do you want to have some tea with me?
Sure.
Aunt Sook Hee went to exercise...
at a culture center.
She takes swimming and singing lessons.
Will you come home late after the funeral?
I've already prepared for tonight's dinner.
I want you to move out today.
I'll tell my workers to deliver your stuff.
I thought I was moving out next week.
Hae Ra isn't home.
I think it'd be uncomfortable for you.
- It's not. - I'm sorry.
It's uncomfortable for me.
Don't you think you're too harsh on me?
Your tailor shop isn't cold at all.
It doesn't need any construction work either.
Don't go. I have something to say.
I'll hear it another time.
You...
were my husband in your previous life.
You were my husband,
but you fell in love with my slave and dumped me.
I killed you two out of sorrow.
I'm living until now as a punishment.
Right.
I killed you two,
but I was abandoned first.
You made me sin.
Are you going to do the same this time again?
You want to hug me?
Don't scheme a thing...
to me and Hae Ra.
Do you think I'm lying?
I'm not interested in you.
It's just like in the past.
You're stabbing a dagger in my heart.
That's enough.
I don't want to hear anymore.
You'll be reminded of my story at one moment.
You'll feel so sorry to me then.
The way I see it,
you need a mental treatment.
You can treat me.
I love Hae Ra.
I'm going to propose to her soon.
Do you not need my land?
No.
I can't work with someone...
who mixes public and private matters.
You'll remember me.
You were my husband,
and you have to give me your love...
that you failed to give.
Hello.
- Happy New Year. - Hello.
Happy New Year.
Come, come.
- Hello, ma'am. - Hello.
Have you been well?
We've got limited-edition shirts from Milano.
- Come pay a visit. - I will.
The madam of Sinjin Group is holding this event.
Maybe that's why the guests are all so fancy.
Thank goodness we didn't miss this.
The CEO of Bukchon Construction is here too.
Did you say hello to him?
I did a while ago.
Hey, Hae Ra.
Hey.
I'll be away for a few days.
Then how much do I pay for this place?
Why? Where are you going?
Oh, I have to give someone a hand.
I'm not going to stay at a motel, so don't worry.
I'm at Gwanghwamun right now.
I'll be right there. Wait for me.
What? Where are you going?
Oh, I have to go see Hae Ra for a second.
She's at Geon Wu's studio...
Are you insane?
The concert is about to begin.
I already greeted everyone that I should. It's okay.
- Let's go. - I'm not leaving.
If you want to go, you're on your own.
I'll call you.
The concert will begin shortly.
Please enter the hall and be seated.
You'll get yourself into a big trouble.
Hae Ra.
Hae...
Hae Ra moved out of this studio.
It looks like you should look for her.
I let her move to a safer place.
Don't worry.
(Park Gon)
Please have a seat.
I'm sorry I asked you to do this so suddenly.
But I was in a hurry.
It's all right.
Could you stay here for a few days...
and help me out?
I don't know if I'll be of any help, but sure.
Even if the City of Seoul bought out the building,
it may not be possible to get pictures of...
the insides if the family of the deceased say no.
So you'll have to discuss that...
with the publisher before you proceed.
Publishing a book is such a complicated process.
Right?
But your book sounds really interesting.
I hope it is.
You must be tired.
You should take a bath.
I prepared a soap that smells very good.
Thank you.
Thank you. I'm relieved now.
She's not sick, is she?
Of course not. She's very cheerful.
She had some midnight snack too.
I'm glad to hear that.
Please let her stay for a few days.
Don't worry about it.
Yes, thank you.
Bye.
It's the DNA test result.
(DNA Test Result)
(National Forensic Science)
(Match)
(Subject 1 and 2 are 99.9 percent related.)
That looks great on you.
You can keep that as a present.
I think I'll have a great dream.
Is the room warm enough?
Yes. Thank you.
Okay.
Are you going to work?
I'll look over this before I go to sleep.
(Selfies of the Joseon Dynasty)
(Club Ar Ar)
(Archaeology Art History, Club Ar Ar)
Jeom Bok?
Pardon?
Do you know this person?
I met him today.
Where?
At Seochon Gallery.
I found him.
Who's here at this hour?
I came to tell you something.
(National Forensic Science)
What's this?
I found your dad.
What do you mean?
The remains found at the construction site...
was Hae Ra's dad.
(Subject 1 and 2 are 99.9 percent related.)
How would I know?
I went there myself with a colleague to check,
then cremated his body as well.
The hospital. Call the hospital and ask.
It's been ages since the hospital closed down.
There's no other way to check.
Then you can ask that guy, Moon Soo Ho.
He's a kid who lived off of Mr. Jung.
Mr. Jung really didn't like that kid.
I do not know why my name tag was found there.
I heard you fought with him too.
You're right.
Did you fight over Doctor Moon's research document?
Mr. Jung.
Soo Ho.
What are you doing?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Can you let me borrow the research plan...
that has Doctor Moon's signature?
I believe you have it.
Are you going to...
use his research without consent again?
What do you mean?
I know everything.
I know that's how you bought this huge house.
I am trying...
to help him keep his honor.
I know you're lying.
Look at how rude you are.
Take it.
There's nothing I can do with this now,
and if your business thrives,
it'll be good for Hae Ra too.
He just scolded me...
for my rebellious teenage attitude.
He couldn't be that cold to his friend's son.
He wrote this letter...
to send you to an orphanage.
He was probably worried about his only daughter.
Yes, I remember.
I clearly remember receiving that letter.
I also remember the name, Moon Soo Ho.
It was ages ago,
and you probably get many of such letters.
How do you remember so well?
(To Ms. Lee Mi Soon)
I remember it thanks to this letter.
Don't trust anything my dad said on the letter.
What I say is the truth.
Soo Ho isn't someone that my dad describes.
You have to trust me.
I knew at once...
that what his daughter said is the truth.
She explained what her dad misunderstood...
very thoroughly...
in a long 12-page letter.
I think my dad is saying...
he's grateful...
and sorry...
to you.
I'll find out why you had to lie there...
no matter what.
Goodness. Hae Ra.
Welcome back.
Your dad must've made Mr. Moon...
to buy that land so he could find him.
Go to your room...
and take a rest.
You should lie down.
You'll feel better after getting some sleep.
Soo Ho.
I'm sorry and thank you.
Thank you so much.
Sleep tight.
Please stay with me until I fall asleep.
Really?
She moved in to that house?
Yes.
She did,
but she left a few days ago.
Why aren't you making your move?
I just got the chills.
When she made Mr. Moon's shirt,
she said she prayed to live with him.
I think Sharon is...
coveting someone else's man.
I know she's my boss,
but she's a meanie.
Who's someone else's man?
Goodness.
I can't play with you.
Hey.
Did you stay at his house?
Gosh, that's amazing.
The shirt made your wish come true.
It was useless.
I lived with him,
but I wasn't happy.
Is that what life is like?
You get your wish,
but after that is another matter.
You told me.
Told you what?
You said I was attractive.
Of course you are.
That was a lie, wasn't it?
No.
You're really attractive.
My heart is racing right now.
You're lying.
I'm not lying.
I didn't think you'd harm Hae Ra's dad.
What are you saying?
I never harmed anyone.
They're all my hometown friends.
Don't think you're off the hook.
It's not over yet.
Soo Ho.
I hear your competitors...
and anyone who hurts you...
either die or get hurt.
Dal Hong's son is that case.
I guess you have a strange evil power.
That's why Hae Ra's dad died.
You killed him.
Then I guess you'll die soon too.
I had been distressed because of that idea.
But after seeing you being so rich,
and living so well, I realized that...
it was just a coincidence.
Take Hae Ra...
and leave. Go far away.
I will.
After I take all your fortune,
and make you pay for...
killing Hae Ra's dad and my dad.
Hi.
Director Han Myung Soo. Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
I didn't know...
Chan Ki was working with such a great boss.
Uncle Myung Soo, thank you.
Hey,
I should be the one saying that here.
I'd like to talk to him alone.
Yes, sir. Go ahead.
- Please sit down. - Okay.
Your nephew is very smart.
He's equal to 100 employees.
I'm grateful that I'm offered...
an adviser position with great conditions...
at a company my nephew works for.
You shouldn't be...
a dishonorable uncle to your nephew.
You made many people cry...
when you worked at a construction company.
What do you mean?
Forced removal. Moving native residents.
Of course, it wasn't your fault.
Huge capital.
Power in collusion with capital. Henchmen.
All three had to be in place.
Look, Mr. Moon.
You'll be an adviser to my company.
I will protect your honor.
You just need to remember one thing later.
What...
would that be?
When you were an executive at a construction company,
there was someone...
who was paid to set the lab on fire.
You just need to remember his name.
It wasn't your fault. You're not responsible.
Of course I'll keep it a secret from Chang Ki.
It was an expected outcome.
Since it's in the center of Seoul,
it'll become a speculation-ridden area.
If that happens...
Then things will go the way we want.
The city revival project will be cancelled.
New buildings will be built.
What will happen to Mr. Moon then?
An innocent businessman who chased after a dream.
He'll be considered...
a minor businessman with no sense.
It'll be hard for him to do business in Korea.
Mr. Moon will be sad.
I want to console him...
when he's sad.
Making him sad...
should be done first.
I guess so.
It's amazing how it looks so lifelike.
Hello.
Feel free to look around,
and do ask me if you have any question.
It's...
you, right?
Pardon?
Have you also...
been living ever since then?
Are you talking about the painting?
You're Jeom Bok, right?
My name is Koo Jang Bin.
You didn't...
draw this painting?
My grandfather's...
grandfather's father painted it.
Goodness gracious.
You're Jeom Bok's descendant.
Did he leave something else other than this?
That's all.
Please try searching through your house.
There must be a long writing like novel...
and a prayer somewhere in your house.
Okay. I'll get going.
Mr. Moon, you're here.
- Hello. - Hello.
This is my exhibition. Please take a look.
Please give me a minute.
Hello.
Goodness, Mr. Moon.
What brings you here?
The painting called me here.
What about you?
We're doing an exhibition project...
with Hae Ra's travel agency.
The curator over there is in the project too.
I see.
Let's look at the painting.
It's such a beautiful painting, right?
I keep tearing up.
He looks like Mr. Moon.
- I know. - They really look alike.
Can I buy this painting?
It's our family treasure.
I'm sorry.
The woman looks like Ms. Jung, don't you think?
Are you sure this was painted in Joseon Dynasty?
Yes, I'm sure.
It's estimated to be painted in 1801...
around the Catholic Persecution.
Thank you, Jeom Bok.
Please help me find...
the prayer soon as well.
She looks so pretty.
It's too awkward. I can't do this anymore.
The Blacksmith's people will arrive soon.
Wrap it up quickly and prepare for the meeting.
Must we really do this?
Circle Tour stole...
our custom renting idea and made a hit.
We should at least do this kind of event.
We would've been doing that now...
if it hadn't been for you.
What did I do?
Keep taking photos.
Goodness.
Hurry up. It's embarrassing for us too.
Okay.
People from abroad will be interested so much...
if we post our employee pictures like this.
You're right.
Hello.
- Hello. - Goodness.
She looks so much like the woman in the painting.
You're watching the hard work of us, employees,
for the 50 percent increase in our sales.
It's hard to support our lives.
Gosh, we're doing this because of you.
It's pretty.
You must've been used for the runway this time.
Now?
Hold on. I'll tell you as I look at the pictures.
I'll use your laptop for a minute.
All right.
(Pictures of foreign hotel interior designs)
I'm looking at the pictures now.
Please hold. Let me write a note on this.
540 to 360.
(540 to 360)
Okay.
(I'm a researcher who used to work with Doctor Moon.)
(Doctor Moon was killed by his friend, Mr. Jung.)
I'll call you again.
Young Mi.
What?
What's this?
Are you going to send this to someone?
Or did you already send it to someone?
I didn't. I just wrote it for nothing.
You didn't send this to Hae Ra or Moon Soo Ho?
No.
I'll call the two...
and ask them if they got a strange text.
Are you crazy?
Why did you... Whom did you send it to?
To Moon Soo Ho.
I did it for you.
Moon Soo Ho keeps suspecting your father.
I sent it as a restricted number. Don't worry.
He can't find the sender.
Don't do this kind of stuff from now on.
I did it because I love you.
I was worried your father might get into trouble.
Do you have any idea how much I care about you?
I know,
so don't this kind of stuff anymore.
Do you understand?
Okay.
Hae Ra?
I want to sleep here tonight.
You can't do that yet.
It's too fluttering for me.
That's none of my business.
It's not as big as my bed.
Hae Ra, open your eyes.
Will you marry me?
You have to give me an answer.
I never knew I'd be proposed to in my pajamas.
I never knew I'd propose to you in my pajamas.
Soo Ho.
Yes?
I'll marry you.
I'll be...
the best husband in this world.
I'm so happy.
You were...
my husband.
You'll remember me.
You were my husband.
You must give me the love that you failed to give.
Try to remember me.